README.md, before:

#Alfred 2 VEVO.com Quicksearch Workflow

Search vevo.com for videos in Alfred and watch them in your browser.

![](https://raw.github.com/cdraeger/alfred2-vevo-workflow/master/screenshots/results.png)

##Usage

###Keyword: `vevo`

Type `vevo` followed by a space and your search-term in the Alfred 2 Launcher to see a list of videos matching your query. Hit `↵ Enter` to open the vevo.com website. You will directly be taken to the video and it will play immediately.

You can also hold the `⌥`-key  while pressing enter. This will copy the URL of the video to the clipboard.

##Further information

This workflow replicates the quicksearch on http://www.vevo.com. It currently lists videos in a descending "most viewed all time"-order.

You will see the following Information about the videos in the launcher:
- Title
- Artist(s)
- Featuring artist(s)
- Length in minutes
- Viewcount

You will also see if the video is explicit, a premiere or both (indicated by different icons).

##Screenshots:

![](https://raw.github.com/cdraeger/alfred2-vevo-workflow/master/screenshots/search.png)

![](https://raw.github.com/cdraeger/alfred2-vevo-workflow/master/screenshots/results.png)

##Disclaimer
I am in no way affiliated with VEVO LLC. All copyright belongs to their respective owners.

Commit message:

Added download link for the exported workflow

README.md, after:

#Alfred 2 VEVO.com Quicksearch Workflow

Search vevo.com for videos in Alfred and watch them in your browser.

![](https://raw.github.com/cdraeger/alfred2-vevo-workflow/master/screenshots/results.png)

##Download

For an easy installation, you can download the exported workflow here: [vevo.alfredworkflow](export/vevo.alfredworkflow)

##Usage

###Keyword: `vevo`

Type `vevo` followed by a space and your search-term in the Alfred 2 Launcher to see a list of videos matching your query. Hit `↵ Enter` to open the vevo.com website. You will directly be taken to the video and it will play immediately.

You can also hold the `⌥`-key  while pressing enter. This will copy the URL of the video to the clipboard.

##Further information

This workflow replicates the quicksearch on http://www.vevo.com. It currently lists videos in a descending "most viewed all time"-order.

You will see the following Information about the videos in the launcher:
- Title
- Artist(s)
- Featuring artist(s)
- Length in minutes
- Viewcount

You will also see if the video is explicit, a premiere or both (indicated by different icons).

##Screenshots:

![](https://raw.github.com/cdraeger/alfred2-vevo-workflow/master/screenshots/search.png)

![](https://raw.github.com/cdraeger/alfred2-vevo-workflow/master/screenshots/results.png)

##Disclaimer
I am in no way affiliated with VEVO LLC. All copyright belongs to their respective owners.
